starting metadata sunset (#69454)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/testing.rst

>    The test `ansible-test sanity --test validate-modules` failed with the following errors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The test `ansible-test sanity --test validate-modules` failed with the following error:
```

Author: leaving preexisting text w/o change, iirc it does show multiple errors

   lib/ansible/modules/network/foo/bar.py:0:0: E307 version_added should be 2.4. Currently 2.3

> From the above example we can see that ``--test pep8`` and ``--test validate-modules`` have identified issues. The commands given allow you to run the same tests locally to ensure you've fixed the issues without having to push your changed to GitHub and wait for Shippable, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the above example we can see that ``--test pep8`` and ``--test validate-modules`` have identified an issue. The commands given allow you to run the same tests locally to ensure you've fixed all issues without having to push your changes to GitHub and wait for Shippable, for example:
```
